Date of Birth: May 31, 1933<br/>
Birthplace: Princeton, N.J.<br/>
Ordained apostle: April 6, 1995<br/>
<br/>
President Henry B. Eyring was set apart Jan. 14, 2018, as second counselor in the First Presidency to President Russell M. Nelson.
Set apart Feb. 3, 2008, as first counselor in the First Presidency to President Thomas S. Monson, and sustained April 5, 2008, in the solemn assembly of general conference.
He was sustained Oct. 6, 2007, and set apart Oct. 11, 2007, as second counselor in the First Presidency to President Gordon B. Hinckley.
He was sustained to the Quorum of the Twelve April 1, 1995, and ordained an apostle April 6, 1995, at age 61.
He was sustained to the First Quorum of the Seventy Oct 3, 1992, and as first counselor in the Presiding Bishopric April 6, 1985.
Before being called as a General Authority he served as a regional representative, member of the Sunday School general board, and bishop.
Born May 31, 1933, in Princeton, N.J., to Henry and Mildred Bennion Eyring.
He received a bachelor's degree in physics from the University of Utah, and master's and doctoral degrees from Harvard University in business administration. He became an assistant professor and associate professor at the Stanford Graduate School of Business in Palo Alto, California.
He served as the president of Ricks College, 1971- 77, before being called as deputy commissioner, and then commissioner of Church Education.
He and his wife, Kathleen Johnson Eyring, are parents of six children and have 30 grandchildren.
President Eyring was reared by parents who valued education. His father was a chemistry professor at Princeton University and dean of the graduate school at the University of Utah. His mother had been a professor at the University of Utah and a doctoral candidate at the University of Wisconsin when she met and married her husband.
The Eyring home was a learning laboratory - filled with discussion about "deep, serious things" - where President Eyring learned to cherish religion and appreciate science and to respect others. Once President Eyring asked his father why he asked the gas station attendants questions. "Dad said, 'I never met a man I couldn't learn something from.'"<br>